{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16220\viewh25120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Please read the following BEFORE attempting to craft a character on Marvel-Champions.\
\
First and foremost, please check the Taken Canon characters tool. Even if you are considering an OC, read the list. See what sort of Characters we need and which types we have too many of.\
\
The following Canon characters are BANNED. Options to make them fit with board history and rules are welcomed to be discussed. Contact Staff with Questions or Ideas\
\
TO CONTACT A STAFF MEMBER CLICK HERE!!!!\
\
Power Issues (Overpowered or Banned Powers):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\'95	Christian Frost (powerless in canon -- any added powers MUST be cleared with staff)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\'95	David Haller -- Legion\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\'95	Heather Cameron -- Lifeguard\
	\'95	Nate Grey -- X-man\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\'95	Quentin Quire -- Kid Omega\
	\'95	Ruth Aldine -- Blindfold\
	\'95	Any Animal Based Canon (only with admin approval)\
\
History Issues (Time Travel, AU Origins, History in Conflict with XMR History):\
	\'95	-Hope Summers (and by extension the Five Lights)\
	\'95	-Nathan Summers -- Cable\
\
-Most alternate universe / time traveling characters. This includes AoA, Exiles, X-Men: Evolution, Days of Future Past, etc -- these will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis, however, keep in mind you're much more likely to be accepted with your basic canon.\
\
-Aliens (including Inhumans, Skrull, Kree, Brood), Negative Zone Denizens, Demons, or Cosmic Threats-- If these are intro'ed into XMR, it will be on NPC staff-controlled basis only (Captain Marvel, Silver Surfer etc).\
\
-Crossovers -- Crossovers from other Marvel series may be applied for and will be accepted or rejected on a case-by-case basis at the complete discretion of the administrators. We suggest that you PM the admin account and ask if your crossover canon would be considered for admission before you spend the time writing up the profile. \
\
Under no circumstances will characters from other books, movies, non-Marvel comics, or television series be accepted.\
\
\
The following abilities/handicaps/unnatural enhancements are banned from OCs, because we've decided they are too strong, too unplayable in an rp setting, or we just have too many people with this power.\
\
	\'95	-Adamantium\
	\'95	-Cosmic powers (Phoenix Force or Power Cosmic included)\
	\'95	-Darkforce/Shadow manipulation\
	\'95	-Empathy (all types, including sibling/twin)\
	\'95	-Energy Based flight (With Consideration, Energy must be defined)\
	\'95	-Feral characteristics/abilities\
	\'95	-Healing/Regeneration (self or others: With Consideration, PM an admin)\
	\'95	-Hemokinesis\
	\'95	-Immortality (no characters older than Mr. Sinister, ie: Victorian Age permitted)\
	\'95	-Life Force Manipulation\
	\'95	-Magic*\
	\'95	-Mental powers (telepathy, telepathic immunity, telekinesis, psionic based abilities)\
	\'95	-Multiple Personalities\
	\'95	-Muscle Mimicry \
	\'95	-Pathogenic Manipulation\
	\'95	-Power mimic\
	\'95	-Precognition\
	\'95	-Reality/Probability Warping\
	\'95	-Shapeshifting (No 'Were-Animals' All others with Consideration, PM an admin. No Catpeople, period.)\
	\'95	-Teleportation\
Stuck on an original power? LOOK HERE**\
\
*Note on Flight and Running Speed. \
For game purposes, we've decided to limit the upper levels of flight speed to no greater than the Speed of Light, and the upper levels of ground speed to no greater than the Speed of Sound.\
\
The following history elements are banned from OCs \
-Amnesia\
-Assassins (Being one, or being targeted by one)\
-Cloned Origins\
-Extensive Martial Arts Training (Without Cultural Significance)\
-Familial Relation to Canon (Without that canon's permission)\
-Governmental Experimentation (including Weapon X and SHIELD)\
-Memory Tampering\
-Mental Illnesses (of any sort)\
-Physical Handicap (blindness, deafness, paraplegic: With Consideration, PM an admin)\
-Private Detective (Working as one or being targeted by one)\
\
\
Certain banned elements may be considered, but only with express permission from the admin team and cooperation in making it work.\
\
*In the world of XMR, magic does not exist. While some canon characters, such as the Scarlet Witch and Wiccan, are known for their magical powers, the implementation of such abilities in a game is too difficult to control and monitor among a large base of players and leaves open a realm of interpretation involving supernatural phenomena and beings that the administration is not willing to police. As such, the illogical change of matter and energy into different states and manifestations is attributed to reality warping, its manipulations dependent on the mental endurance of each individual character.\
\
On a related note, the existence of angels, demons, supernatural creatures, and ghosts is not recognized in this universe. A character able to control the legions of Hell may look amazing in a comic, but in a roleplaying community, it doesn't work. Manifestations of such creatures can be attributed to hallucinations, mental constructs, left-over psychic residue... the excuses of us nonbelievers.\
\
Several Characters have been used as NPCs in game. When making your bio, check here: \
NPC Bios to make certain your history coincides with board history.\
\
Once your application has been reviewed, you have one week to respond. If you have not, we will inquire whether you are still interested in applying for the character on the application. If another week has gone by with no response, it will be denied. Two weeks is more than enough time to respond to an app review.\
\
Lastly, using a personal image to represent your character is banned. Please choose a celebrity for this purpose.\
\
**Thanks to Eldan for the link}