{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;\red185\green222\blue214;\red17\green17\blue17;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14580\viewh21420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl352\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 First off, Welcome to XMR. As I'm sure you can see we've been around the block a few times and have an already established in-game history that can, at times, be pretty daunting. But don't worry. We're first and foremost here to help. Staff members are always available for discussion and can be found {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=8264"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Here }}Each of the people on that list is completely capable of helping you and is more than willing to either help with getting started, or lead you towards someone who can.\
\
But for those that can go through a list of things, we've started this post. This first post in the topic will be for during your application process. Right here, you're all new and shiny. Wide eyed and trying to get your bearings on a strange new world of insane XMen Universe fun. Take a breath. It'll all be alright. Step into the cbox and introduce yourself. We're silly, but we're friendly, and we're always willing to help.\
\
Once you get your wits about you, you should start with the age old basics of RP: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl352\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 The Rules}} & {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=8790"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 The History}}\
\
Don't let the scope of either of those things scare you. It's alot, but it's alot so that you are given every possible chance towards understanding XMR. Again- if you have questions, feel free to ask!\
\
Next, you're going to want to start picking out your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=1570"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Faction}} note who your possible team leader is and, if possible, contact them about joining. More often than not there's some kind of plot going on that you can possibly get involved with or use as a starting ground for your character!\
\
After that, take a look at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=1139"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Taken Canons}}. Xmr is a big place and due to that, it's easier to decide which character you'd like to be based off of what's already taken and what's listed up in our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showforum=198&prune_day=100&sort_by=A-Z&sort_key=title&st=0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Adoptable Characters.}} Please make sure to note the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=6891"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Ban List}} so you avoid taking on a character or abilities that are not open at this time. Once you've decided which character you're play, register as their name or code name. Do not register as your online alias! If you find yourself choosing a canon character, please be sure to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=2005"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Reserve}} them here!\
\
Once you've done all that, it's time to open up the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showtopic=5966"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Application!}} Remember that here at XMR, we ask you complete the application in it's entirety before posting. DO NOT POST A WIP APP. Once you've finished, post your app {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showforum=280"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Here}}!\
\
Once you've posted your completed application, it's time to wait. XMR's staff is quick to respond to applications, but can at times get bogged down. Don't worry. We know it's there and are absolutely reading it. Just be patient with us and avoid asking about the status of your applicatin in the cbox. Instead, poke around the site. Read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showforum=212"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Archives}} of past game events. Check out {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://z4.invisionfree.com/Xrevolution/index.php?showforum=4"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Approved Applications}}\
\
Be patient with staff as they review and remember that everything they do is to help you. We are never here to be mean, judge you, or otherwise make you cry. The application process is difficult, but it's not impossible and we will never refuse someone who's clearly trying.\
}